---
author: lyndonguitar
category: Review
description: In a recent announcement, the developers of Takt Op. Symphony have shared
  the unfortunate news of the game's impending shutdown. Despite best efforts, changes
  in business direction have led to the conclusion to shut down the game's servers,
  according to their announcement. The final day of operation is set for April 9,
  2024.
featured: false
pubDate: 2024-02-07
tags:
- adventure
- console
- indie
- nintendo switch
- pc
- playstation
- playstation 4
- taptap
- the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april
- web
thumb: /images/reviews/2024-02-07-the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april-0.avif
title: The final note is near for Takt Op. Symphony, game shutting down soon this
  April.
game: The final note is near for Takt Op. Symphony, game shutting down soon this April.
gallery:
- /images/reviews/2024-02-07-the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april-0.avif
- /images/reviews/2024-02-07-the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april-1.avif
- /images/reviews/2024-02-07-the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april-2.avif
- /images/reviews/2024-02-07-the-final-note-is-near-for-takt-op-symphony-game-shutting-down-soon-this-april-3.avif
---
In a recent announcement, the developers of Takt Op. Symphony have shared the unfortunate news of the game's impending shutdown. Despite best efforts, changes in business direction have led to the conclusion to shut down the game's servers, according to their announcement. The final day of operation is set for April 9, 2024.

"We want to thank all our players for their support and dedication throughout the journey of 'Takt Op. Symphony'," stated a spokesperson from the game's operations team. "While we regret having to make this decision, we appreciate the community's involvement in the game."

The development team has pledged to assist players during the transition period leading up to the shutdown and is planning farewell events. All purchases and accounts will be maintained, usable, and playable up until the game’s shutdown day on April 9, 2024. The decision to end operations on Takt Op. Symphony comes as a surprise to its player base, many of which were fans of the Anime TV series Takt Op. Destiny.

Takt Op. Symphony is a musical themed gacha JRPG that has been a standout title for me in the last year when I reviewed it here on TapTap (read review here: https://www.taptap.io/post/5257522) , blending gacha gaming with musical elements, following 2021’s Anime TV series Takt Op. Destiny. It is set in a world where music holds the power to shape destinies, players assume the role of a conductor tasked with leading a symphony of powerful warriors known as musicarts into battle against various adversaries.

The game features a compelling storyline that unfolds through multiple chapters, delivered in a visual-novel style format with elements of FMV anime sequences. Players meet a diverse cast of characters, each with their own unique abilities and musical themes, as they embark on a journey to save humanity from monstrous threats. Combat is turn-based, and the game incorporates live-service elements, including a gacha system for character and cosmetic acquisition, daily events, energy systems, and in-app purchases.

While the decision to shutdown Takt Op. Symphony was primarily attributed to adjustments in business development, declining player numbers probably led the development team to the difficult decision, as well as timing issues related to its alignment with the Takt Op. Destiny anime TV series. Originally intended to coincide closely with the conclusion of the anime in 2021, the game's multiple delays may have impacted its ability to capitalize on the momentum generated by the animated series.

It's an unfortunate news, but that's basically the end point of all gacha games eventually. For some gacha games, like Takt Op. Symphony, the journey may come to an end sooner than anticipated. Let’s just hope they will just continue the stellar Anime instead since I actually enjoyed watching it.

[Original link](https://www.taptap.io/post/6975440)<br><span style="font-size: 0.95em; color: #888;">Originally posted on TapTap.</span>